# Frontline
NETS 2130 Final Project: Crowdsourcing customer-facing employees to evaluate new products

## Architecture
Our application serves two clients: those that produce new products that need evaluation (management), and customer-facing employees that review those products (employees).
- An general **interface** will serve as the primarily place where management can create surveys about their products asking questions about optimal pricing, likelihood to buy, projected usefulness, as well as the amount of fake "credits" they would put behind this product etc. This can be done using various third party tools such as Qualtrics, SurveyMonkey, or Google Forms in which the resulting data can be exported as a CSV file. On the other side, employees will provide their responses through an embedded version of the respondent survey.
- A **quality control module** which has two possible implementations based on the methods we discussed in class. Embedding test questions means that the quality control algorithms would act on the data as a filter after the data has been collected in a CSV format from the third party survey tools. This is likely the method we will choose since our crowdsourcing audience is already supposed to be qualified/restricted by definition (as customer facing employees, who would know the company and its products). Therefore, we can weed out any employees who seem to be answering insincerely. In summary, the input to this module would be the raw CSV data and the output would be a filtered version in addition to a list of responses that were analyzed to be insincere.
- An **aggregation module** will compute relevant statistics specific to the product as well as between products. Some examples would be the most useful product, the product with the highest value (based on price someone would pay), and of course the favorable products that employees put their credits on. This involves some exploratory data analysis and calculations in dataframes. The input would be the filtered CSV data from the quality control module, and the output would be a set of relevant statistics in dataframes or possibly a CSV output.
- A **data visualization module** whose job is to take the relevant stastics from the aggregation module and display them in a human-friendly format for management to analyze.
